README.md, before:

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type aware lint rules:

- Configure the top-level `parserOptions` property like this:

```js
export default {
  // other rules...
  parserOptions: {
    ecmaVersion: 'latest',
    sourceType: 'module',
    project: ['./tsconfig.json', './tsconfig.node.json', './tsconfig.app.json'],
    tsconfigRootDir: __dirname,
  },
}
```

- Replace `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended` to `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended-type-checked` or `plugin:@typescript-eslint/strict-type-checked`
- Optionally add `plugin:@typescript-eslint/stylistic-type-checked`
- Install [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react) and add `plugin:react/recommended` & `plugin:react/jsx-runtime` to the `extends` list

Commit message:

reworked README file to better explain what the project is and what it aims to achieve

README.md, after:

# SmartCart Frontend

Welcome to the frontend repository of **SmartCart**, a dynamic and user-friendly platform designed to revolutionize the shopping experience. This project focuses on delivering an intuitive and efficient interface for users, enabling them to explore products, manage their cart, and complete transactions seamlessly.

## Project Overview

SmartCart aims to streamline the shopping experience and give the user the ability to compare item and cart prices to decide where they should buy their groceries. Additionally, by providing a responsive, accessible, and modern interface, we make sure the user has the best experience possible.

## Features

- **Product Browsing**: Users can explore a wide range of products with detailed information.
- **Shopping Cart Management**: Add, remove, and update items in the shopping cart with real-time feedback.
- **User Authentication**: Secure login and registration features.
- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for both desktop and mobile devices.

## Technologies Used

- **React**: A powerful JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
- **TypeScript**: Provides static typing to improve code quality and maintainability.
- **Vite**: A fast build tool and development server for modern web projects.
- **Tailwind CSS**: A utility-first CSS framework for rapidly building custom designs.
- **PostCSS**: A tool for transforming CSS with JavaScript plugins.
- **ESLint**: A tool for identifying and fixing problems in JavaScript/TypeScript code.

## Deployed Project

- This project is deployed at https://smartcart-s7pr.onrender.com. Please note that the initial loading may take a few minutes.
